slides/00-Introduction/00-instructions.md, before:

---
title: Using this Tutorial
chapter: Introduction
---
Welcome to the Teach Access Tutorial! This resource is part of the Teach Access Initiative, and provides best practices for making accessible mobile and web apps. This tutorial currently provides basic training for developers and designers, with more disciplines to come! If you are new to accessibility, you've come to the right place - the following material will help you get a solid footing on accessibility via hands-on exercises and useful reference guides. Follow the instructions below for using and interacting with the tutorial.

1. You can use the left and right arrow keys to navigate through the slides.

2. Each slide has some core concepts, code samples, and one or more exercises. After you complete an exercise,
use the verify button to check whether your solution is correct.

3. You can also verify the code sample output using VoiceOver - Apple's built-in screen reader (other screen readers work too). Here are some instructions for navigating with VoiceOver:
    * <kbd>cmd</kbd> + <kbd>F5</kbd> turns VoiceOver on/off
    * <kbd>tab</kbd> navigates to an interactive element
    * <kbd>ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>opt</kbd> + <kbd>right arrow</kbd> (repeatedly) 
    navigates to the next element
    * <kbd>ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>opt</kbd> + <kbd>cmd</kbd> + <kbd>h</kbd> 
    (repeatedly) navigates by headings
    <br/><br/>

4. When verifying with VoiceOver, use Chrome on a Mac for the best experience. However, the "Verify" button provided after each exercise will work with any browser/OS combination.

5. ARIA stands for Accessible Rich Internet Applications, a W3C standard for 
   building accessible user interfaces on the web.

Happy learning! <i class="fa fa-smile-o"><i class="accessible_elem">Smiley Icon</i></i>

Commit message:

Add files via upload
Added instructions for Windows 10 users in Section 1.1

slides/00-Introduction/00-instructions.md, after:

---
title: Using this Tutorial
chapter: Introduction
---
Welcome to the Teach Access Tutorial! This resource is part of the Teach Access Initiative, and provides best practices for making accessible mobile and web apps. This tutorial currently provides basic training for developers and designers, with more disciplines to come! If you are new to accessibility, you've come to the right place - the following material will help you get a solid footing on accessibility via hands-on exercises and useful reference guides. Follow the instructions below for using and interacting with the tutorial.

1. You can use the left and right arrow keys to navigate through the slides.

2. Each slide has some core concepts, code samples, and one or more exercises. After you complete an exercise,
use the verify button to check whether your solution is correct.

3. You can also verify the code sample output using VoiceOver - Apple's built-in screen reader (other screen readers work too). Here are some instructions for navigating with VoiceOver:
    * <kbd>cmd</kbd> + <kbd>F5</kbd> turns VoiceOver on/off
    * <kbd>tab</kbd> navigates to an interactive element
    * <kbd>ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>opt</kbd> + <kbd>right arrow</kbd> (repeatedly) 
    navigates to the next element
    * <kbd>ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>opt</kbd> + <kbd>cmd</kbd> + <kbd>h</kbd> 
    (repeatedly) navigates by headings
    <br/><br/>

4. While VoiceOver is recommended for this tutorial, Windows 10 users can start Narrator, a built-in voice reader, by pressing the <kbd>Windows Logo</kbd> + <kbd>Enter</kbd>, and see a list of keyboard commands by pressing <kbd>Caps Lock</kbd> + <kbd>F1</kbd>.

5. When verifying with VoiceOver, use Chrome on a Mac for the best experience. However, the "Verify" button provided after each exercise will work with any browser/OS combination.


6. ARIA stands for Accessible Rich Internet Applications, a W3C standard for 
   building accessible user interfaces on the web.

Happy learning! <i class="fa fa-smile-o"><i class="accessible_elem">Smiley Icon</i></i>
